New README (#163)
WICG/conversion-measurement-api: README.md

# Attribution Reporting API

> _This document is an overview of the Attribution Reporting API proposal. The API supports clicks and views across event-level and aggregate reports. If you're looking specifically for the explainer for event-level click reports that used to live on this page, head over to [Attribution Reporting API for Click-Through](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/main/event_attribution_reporting_clicks.md) instead._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_This document is an overview of the Attribution Reporting API proposal. The API supports measurement of clicks and views with event-level and aggregate reports. If you're looking specifically for the explainer for event-level click reports that used to live on this page, head over to [Attribution Reporting API for Click-Through](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/main/event_attribution_reporting_clicks.md) instead._
```

## Overview

The Attribution Reporting API makes it possible to measure when an ad click or view leads to a **conversion** on an advertiser site, such as a sale or a sign-up. The API doesn't rely on third-party cookies or mechanisms that can be used to identify individual users across sites.

The API enables two types of attribution reports:

- **Event-level reports** associate a particular event on the ad side (a click, view or touch) with coarse conversion data. To preserve user privacy, conversion-side data is coarse and noised, reports are not sent immediately, and the number of conversions is limited.
- **Aggregate reports** are not tied with a specific event on the ad side. These reports provide richer, higher-fidelity conversion data than event-level reports. A combination of privacy techniques across cryptography, distribution of trust, and differential privacy help reduce the risk of identity joining across sites.
  Both report types can be used simultaneously. They're complementary.

## API features (proposals)

🕙 Last updated: June 2021

> This API is being incubated and developed in the open. All the features below are proposals under incubation. This list evolves over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the features below are proposals under incubation. This list evolves over time.
```

We call this out above already

### Event-Level reports (clicks and views)

> Attribute cross-site click-through or view-through conversions at an event's level. See details in the [Explainer: event-level reports for views](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/main/event_attribution_reporting_views.md]) and in the [Explainer: event-level reports for clicks](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/main/event_attribution_reporting_clicks.md]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attribute cross-site click-through or view-through conversions with reports at a per-event level. See details in the [Explainer: event-level reports for views](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/main/event_attribution_reporting_views.md]) and in the [Explainer: event-level reports for clicks](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/main/event_attribution_reporting_clicks.md]).
```

Reviewer: Actually I am not so sure about my suggestion here.

Implementation status:

Click-through: `🟢 available for experimentation in Chrome`. See the [origin trial](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/view_trial/3411476717733150721).

View-through: `🟤 not implemented yet (all browsers)`

### Aggregate reports (clicks and views)

Attribution reports for aggregated conversions (both clicks and views). Complements the event-level reports. See details in the [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/main/AGGREGATE.md).

Implementation status: `🟤 not implemented yet (all browsers)`

### App-to-web (clicks and views)

Attribution reports for web conversions for ad clicks (touches) or views that occurred within an Android app. See details in the [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/main/app_to_web.md).

Implementation status: `🟤 not implemented yet (all browsers)`

### Cross-device (clicks and views)

Attribute conversions occurring across distinct devices, i.e. as distinct web browser instances. See details in the [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/blob/main/cross_device.md).

Implementation status: `🟤 not implemented yet (all browsers)`

> ## Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## External Documentation
```
